---
layout: post
title: WWDC 2012
date: 2012-06-11 16:44:00.000000000 -05:00
---


It's time for another WWDC. I think I'll keep my comments here as the keynote
is liveblogged.

Yes, I'm blogging the liveblogs.

<!-- more -->
Can the Siri jokes make it into production?

App Store. Yawn. Yes, I know, the App Store is loaded. And successful. And
pretty awesome for developers and users.

Showing off the iPad in education and around the world. Yawn. Bored now.

Oooh. New Notebooks. And talking about new releases of iOS and Mac OS. I hope
its not a new release real soon now for Mac OS, just because running Mac OS
(latest - 2) is not a happy place.

New MacBook Air. There will be happy people in my office. And yes, the MacBook Air completely dominates its competition. 11-inch at $999/$1099. 13-inch at
$1199/$1499. Better screens, better battery life. Good for 90% of computer
users.

New MacBook Pro. I would consider it a toss-up versus a comparable HP or Dell.
Ivy Bridge, lots of RAM, discrete graphics on the 15-inch. Nothing unexpected.

Next-Gen MacBook Pro? I'm fascinated. Amazing new display? Retina graphics in a
laptop? That can't be cheap. "Radically" thin. That's great for a lot of people,
but I'd rather have great battery life over thin and light.

RANT: NOT EVERYTHING YOU DO IS A BREAKTHROUGH!

A 15.4in retina display is pretty awesome, though. Is 220ppi "retina" ? The
iOS retina display is 326ppi.

How many people are going to gripe about that last part?

Updated Apeture, Final Cut Pro X, pro apps. 1080p in the preview for FCPX? Wow.

If there's not a 220ppi display coming, I'll be shocked.

It will be interesting to see if the increased pixel requirements for "retina"
hurt the next-gen MBP. Because it's going to need a fairly good graphics card.

Kepler graphics. No shock there. Flash storage. Not surprised either. 7 hours of
battery life? That claim is going to get put to the test. I wouldn't be shocked
if doing anything display intensive destroyed that. 

Thunderbolt, USB3, and HDMI? Interesting. Lots of ports. That's even more
interesting. No 802.11ac. Thunderbolt to Firewire, TB to Gig Ethernet. Apple
has been front-runners on 802.11 in the past. I wonder why not here?

New MagSafe. Hopefully its an improvement, and not a change for change's sake.

"The thermal system operates in a way that is nearly imperceptible to the user" Really? Isn't that kind of the point?

@codinghorror wants a retina MBA. Basically the amount of horsepower in the
NG-MBP screams to use a desktop instead. I kind of agree with him.

NG-MBP only $2199. That's not bad at all. (256GB of storage). Now to go price a
comparable Dell or HP.

Aww... straight on to OS X. Bragging about what % are using mountain lion vs
Windows 7. You don't want to start that fight Apple. There are very good reasons
not to update sometimes. And you ignore ALL OF THEM!

Mountain Lion supports iCloud OOB. With only 5GB of storage free, they'll make
some money there. Of course, they could poke a stick in Microsoft's eye by
adding more free (SkyDrive only allows 5GB for new signups).

New glass dock. REALLY?

Reminders app. Messages. Some nice interplay between Mac and iPhone. Oooh.
Messages on Mac can send to SMS.

Documents in the cloud means you launch the app that "owns" the document. Yes,
this works for a lot of people, but sometimes I want to group things from
multiple apps together. You know what helps me do that? A filesystem.

Fastest javascript engine? Bold words.

iCloud syncing bookmarks and browsing history. Any way Firefox could sync into
that? Is it as secured as Firefox Sync? Also, Firefox has had this for at least
12 months.

Sharing features with Twitter and such.

AirPlay Mirroring. Oh God. Here comes the killer feature. Display from Mac to
AppleTV. Must get that working.

Game Center. Bored now. iOS to Mac gameplay? Not bored. It would be nice if
Apple could extend its toolkit to Windows, though.

Mail VIPs looks like an interesting feature.

New APIs. 1700? Count is irrelevant.

Mountain Lion is $19.99. Upgrades from Lion and Snow Leopard. Ships in July.
WILL ITS DFS AND SMB SUPPORT BEING WORTH A DARN?

iOS6! YAY!

Install base comparison: 80% on iOS 5 vs the tiny sliver on Android ICS. That's
where Apple wins. Until Microsoft or Google decide to strong-arm the carriers
into letting them update like Apple. iOS will be the standard.

Yes, iOS is awesome. Siri improvements incoming. Good. But I don't have Siri.
And Siri knows sports. And now any new voice integration has to be that much
better. Also, RANGERS WIN!

Siri also does restaurants, movies, and apps. Apps could be a killer feature.

Siri can tweet for you. That could be bad. Hands-free and Eyes-free. Working on
Siri<->car integration. BMW, GM, Mercedes, Land Rover, Jaguar, Audi, Toyota, and
Honda are all working on Siri integration. Wouldn't a generic phone <-> car
interface be more useful? Why couldn't that be some part of Bluetooth? Generic
voice -> voice control interface.

Facebook is integrating in iOS6. If it pulls contact information, great.
Integrates with Notification Center and Siri. Apps can integrate with Facebook,
too. That worries me. If I can't lock out apps, I will not be happy. Events and
Birthdays from Facebook is pretty cool. And it does so in OS X.

Phone app improvements? Ooooh. Reply with a message? YES PLEASE. NOW. Or add a
reminder to call back? Neat. More geofencing. Do Not Disturb? YES! And it lets
certain numbers through? That's awesome.

FACETIME OVER CELLULAR! It's about time.

Unifying phone number and apple id? Facetime to number can go to iPad or Mac.
Messages do the same thing. That's going to piss off the cellular companies.

It'd be nice if Instapaper could plug into the reading list API.

Safari can handle app ads for websites, instead of them having to. That's a good
thing, I think. I'm sick of all of those. Safari can do fullscreen in landscape.

Shared Photo Streams? Could be good, could be bad. I know some grandma's who
would like that, though. Looks like it might be an Instagram clone. Works with
Web Browser on Windows and Apple TV.

Mail VIPs. Notifications on lock screen from VIPs. And a VIP mailbox. And a
flagged mailbox. Can insert photos or videos from within the compose window.
That will make some people very happy. Although a generic insert would be nice.

Passbook - tickets, boarding passes, etc. All in one app, versus all over the
place. Uses geofencing to automatically detect where you're at. That's actually
really, really good and useful. I can't wait to see devs take advantage of it.
Coupons? uh-oh. I can see that being abused, too. Definitely a wait and see feature.

Guided access. Autism? That makes things great for a 1-year-old. Also let's you
lock for tests. 

New maps. Includes traffic view. Turn-by-turn navigation. And Apple v. Google
just turned into an all-out war. Is there anything that Apple depends on google
for now?

I'd love to ask Siri, but I've got an iPhone 4 and I can't.

New maps features look good. Can't wait to use them.

And we're just scratching the surface on new features. It looks like they've
left some really good things off the keynote.

And iOS 6 to developers today, ships this fall. Supports iPhone 3GS and later.
Another spot where Apple is killing everyone. EVERYONE. The 3GS is 3 years old
and still getting updates.
